we just learned that tulsi gabbard has
suspended her campaign and has endorsed
Joe Biden and and at this point you are
the only prominent candidate who has
dropped out that hasn't endorsed either
Bernie Sanders or Joe Biden why haven't
you announced an endorsement yet so
actually I've been focused on this
crisis you know I think Bernie needs
space to decide what he wants to do next
and he should be given the space to do
that right now I'm focused on what we're
going to do next in this crisis around
the coronavirus we talked in the last
segment a lot about the health parts of
it but we also it's not too early to
start talking about the economic impact
of this what it means that so many small
businesses have now shut down what it
means that big businesses are shuttering
their doors how many people are
unemployed how many people are going to
get one more paycheck or two more
paychecks and that's going to be it for
a while and how as a country we're going
to weather not just the the storm
directly from the virus the physical
health but our economic health as well
so that's where I'm really keeping my
attention right now and hope we can talk
about some of the details of that ELISA
underwear I just I I want to say that
one of the feelings that is that a lot
of people have is that they're
uncomfortable because it feels like you
don't have faith in either one of the
candidates and I think one of the things
that you might think about when you
decide to endorse somebody is it might
help people just calm down a little bit
about the elections that are coming to
face everything else because Biden has
an overwhelming lead and it just feels
like maybe you're not as confident in
either candidate can you just spell that
for people so you know that's a very
good point and I hadn't thought about it
that way Whoopi and I'm glad you raised
it this is not a question about not
being confident in leadership and look
my position on this has been clear I
think all of us who
and for president Franklin would make a
much better president than Donald Trump
and would be people who would take both
this crisis seriously and take some of
the deeper problems in this country
seriously as I've said I want to make
sure Bernie's got plenty of space to do
what he wants to do next I also want to
be clear that on this economic crisis we
need to get focused right now on things
like making sure I want to raise Social
Security and disability payments by $200
a month people who are living on Social
Security and disability they're going to
see their expenses go up this is a way
to get more cash back into the economy
and a way to boost the fortunes of a lot
of people who really have to live at the
economic margins and this is a chance
for us to fix something in the short
term and in the long term same sort of
thing around student loans think what
it's like right now for young people who
are paying an average of about $400 a
month on student loans to collect that
so that the federal government can just
put the money in our coffers no I think
that money should stay with people who
took out loans in order to try to get an
education this is a time of economic
stress it's a time to forgive those
student loans there are things we can be
doing you and I think you can probably I
do I hear everything you're saying
but I do think that in order to get
people to understand where you're coming
from I think you're going to have to
help guide them in the right direction
that's all I'm saying
whatever direction that happens to be
but with one of those two candidates
Megan hi senator Warren it's Megan again
look I was gonna ask you a political
question and I'm the most political
animal in the entire world but I'm too
distracted by the coronavirus if I got
sick today and didn't feel well I have
no idea how I would get tested for the
coronavirus and I'm somebody with a lot
of access to a lot of things so I can't
imagine how an average New Yorker feels
I think it is absolutely blasphemous
that in this kind
South Korea's doing a better job of
testing its patience than we are what
can be done right now to help new
workers and people in the rest of the
country get access to these tests so
that's what the bill yesterday was about
that passed the Senate and president
Trump signed it into law last night so
that's going to help get more resources
into testing and make sure that testing
is free for everyone so that's the first
step in this but the second is we've got
to set up more testing sites we've got
to have more testing kits available and
much of that Megan has been a little bit
one-off so for example we have hospitals
and testing facilities here in
Massachusetts that were all ready to go
but they needed one thing from the CDC
down in Atlanta
so it took phone calls and my talking to
people and other people talking to
people to try to get that shipped up
here so that we can ramp up our ability
to test we're all on the front end of
that curve but it's all hands on deck to
try to get enough tests and then enough
testing locations so that anyone who
feels ill can get a test that's got to
be where we're driving this thing and
we've got to drive it there as quickly
as possible let me just say every time
you talk about this on national TV you
help ratchet up the pressure and I hope
everybody who's watching helps ratchet
up the pressure go online right you're
your senator right or Congress person
right or governor and say get those
tests out there because that's the only
way we're going to both be able to see
who's sick with coronavirus and who's
sick with something else but it's also
the only way that we're going to keep
enough political pressure behind this to
make sure that we're treating this
crisis with the seriousness that it
deserves so thank you for all you're
doing keep it up